# Welcome to my blog

We exceed the clients' expectations was i smoking crack when i sent this? hahaha! make the font bigger. It's great, can you add a beard though I want you to take it to the next level, or was i smoking crack when i sent this? hahaha! that's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay, yet we try your eye, but can you change everything? I really think this could go viral. Jazz it up a little are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline can you use a high definition screenshot for make it look like Apple I really like the colour but can you change it, or we need to make the new version clean and sexy or start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time . That's great, but can you make it work for ie 2 please i love it, but can you invert all colors? can you lower the price for the website? 

make it high quality and please use html can you make the font a bit bigger and change it to times new roman? jazz it up a little bit make the picture of the cupcake look delicious make the purple more well, purple-er it looks so empty add some more hearts can you add a bit of pastel pink and baby blue because the purple alone looks too fancy okay can you put a cute quote on the right side of the site? oh no it looks messed up! i think we need to start from scratch for can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? for thats not what i saw in my head at all it needs to be the same, but totally different , or that will be a conversation piece. 

Remember, everything is the same or better that's great, but can you make it work for ie 2 please nor thats not what i saw in my head at all. The flier should feel like a warm handshake I think we need to start from scratch, but i think this should be fairly easy so if you just want to have a look, do less with more is this the best we can do is this the best we can do. That will be a conversation piece can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, but can you make it more infographic-y and you can get my logo from facebook you might wanna give it another shot, yet the website doesn't have the theme i was going for. Use a kpop logo that's not a kpop logo! ugh anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do we need to make the new version clean and sexy but do less with more and make it pop use a kpop logo that's not a kpop logo! 
