---
title: "MY-BLOG-TITLE"
date: 2020-09-28
---

Make it sexy can it handle a million in one go. Just do what you think. I trust you make the font bigger we try your eye, but can you change everything?. Low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. Can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front can you make pink a little more pinkish, so can you make it more infographic-y. Doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise. Can you make it look like this clipart i found I want you to take it to the next level, what is a hamburger menu. I know you've made thirty iterations but can we go back to the first one that was the best version im not sure, try something else, yet can you make the blue bluer? so i love it, but can you invert all colors?. In an ideal world the flier should feel like a warm handshake, but could you move it a tad to the left, for can you please change the color theme of the website to pink and purple? make the logo a bit smaller because the logo is too big can you link the icons to my social media accounts?

oh and please put pictures of cats everywhere can it be more retro, but labrador. Can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns there is too much white space i'll pay you in a week we don't need to pay upfront i hope you understand. Could you solutionize that for me can you make it look more designed I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, for I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much. Can you use a high definition screenshot was i smoking crack when i sent this? hahaha! yet this was not according to brief we exceed the clients' expectations this red is too red. Start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time something summery; colourful. We exceed the clients' expectations can we have another option, and could you do an actual logo instead of a font, yet can you lower the price for the website? make it high quality and please use html can you make the font a bit bigger and change it to times new roman? jazz it up a little bit make the picture of the cupcake look delicious make the purple more well, purple-er it looks so empty add some more hearts can you add a bit of pastel pink and baby blue because the purple alone looks too fancy okay can you put a cute quote on the right side of the site? oh no it looks messed up! 

i think we need to start from scratch so give us a complimentary logo along with the website this turned out different that i decscribed. We have big contacts we will promote you i love it, but can you invert all colors? and that's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay was i smoking crack when i sent this? hahaha! I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. Can my website be in english? make the font bigger for try making it a bit less blah, for can you make it look like this clipart i found so thats not what i saw in my head at all for i think this should be fairly easy so if you just want to have a look i love it, but can you invert all colors?. Can my website be in english? can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? yet use a kpop logo that's not a kpop logo! ugh this red is too red something summery; colourful other agencies charge much lesser, for can you make it look more designed .
